V1 - Main menu, saving player name, basic functions
Added main menu with clickable buttons (opening game or highscores) and saving player name which the app remembers even when closed.

V2 - Added game objects (Snake, Apple), canvas drawing
Added game objects Snake and Apple which use body Blocks to identify their position around map.
At the beginning snake and apple spawn at random position and then snake moves 5x a second over the canvas and if it hits an apple, new apple spawns.
So far there is not implement maneuvering, so snake is going in direction given at spawn.
Game draws current state of game on the Canvas.
Main menu now has own Snake logo and in highscores there is also prepared UI for later use.

V3 - Game stats (score, time), mute button and swipe
Added game stats of score and time which will be later used in highscores.
Added mute button on canvas which when clicked on uses callback to mute/unmute (sound effects will be implemented later).
Added maneuvering by swipe to control snake over map.

V4 - Added sound effects and GPS support
Added sound effects for snake hitting itself, eating apple or changing direction of movement.
Sound effects can be muted at any time by clicking on mute button which toggles between mute and unmute state.
Added GPS support for later use in highscores. GPS permission can be disabled and is being asked for when the game is over.

V5 - Added highscores (save, sort and display)
Added support for highscores.
Highscores are saved when game ends and then displayed in new window. Highscores are sorted before they are displayed on screen.
Highscores can be also displayed from the main menu by clicking on "Highscores" button.
Highscores contain all useful data such as player's name, score, time and GPS location.

V6 - Added app icon, fixed GPS and game resetting
Added custom app icon of Snake.
Fixed GPS location (previously not working properly).
Fixed bug - game reset when window focus changed.
Fixed - thread was not interrupted when game ended.

V7 - Fixed thread use
Added onResume and onPause methods for properly controlling life of thread.